us-94 Fix WSL Testcontainer Setup (#31)
solid-stack-solutions/voycar-backend: README.md

//Todo: list general conventions for development

//Todo: helpful information and how-to's for development

> ## Possible fix testcontainers when using wsl instead of Docker Desktop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fix testcontainers when using WSL without Docker Desktop
```

> **This fix needs certain modifications in the App.cs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This fix needs certain modifications in `App.cs`. 
```

> When working with other team-members who are on other platforms or use Docker Desktop instead of wls this fix will break their setup**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working with other team members who are on other platforms or use Docker Desktop instead of WSL this fix will break their setup.**
```

> Go into your wsl terminal and navigate to ` /etc/docker/`. Create a **daemon.json** (or modify if already existing) File
> with the following content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to `/etc/docker/` in a WSL terminal. Create (or modify) a file called `daemon.json` with the following content:
```

```json
{
    "hosts": [
        "tcp://0.0.0.0:2375",
        "unix:///var/run/docker.sock"
    ]
}
```

> Restart your wsl with `wsl --shutdown` in the Windows terminal and open your wsl again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restart WSL with `wsl --shutdown` in a Windows terminal and open a WSL terminal again.
```

> Start your docker-daemon with `sudo dockerd` or `sudo systemctl start docker`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start the docker-daemon with `sudo dockerd` or `sudo systemctl start docker`.
```

Verify that docker is now exposing the port `2375` with `netstat -nl | grep 2375`. 
This should produce the output `tcp6 0  0 ::: :::* LISTEN`.

In your Test `App.cs` you have to append 
```csharp
        .WithDockerEndpoint("tcp://localhost:2375")
        .WithWaitStrategy(Wait.ForUnixContainer().UntilPortIsAvailable(5432))
```

> to your PostgreSqlBuilder so it now looks similar to this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to your `PostgreSqlBuilder`, so it now looks like this:
```

```csharp
private readonly PostgreSqlContainer _container = new PostgreSqlBuilder()
        .WithImage("postgres:16.3")
        .WithDatabase("VoycarDb-Tests")
        .WithUsername("admin")
        .WithPassword("admin")
        .WithDockerEndpoint("tcp://localhost:2375")
        .WithWaitStrategy(Wait.ForUnixContainer().UntilPortIsAvailable(5432))
        .Build();
```
This should fix the issue with misconfigured docker exceptions for testcontainers.

You might need to restart docker and the docker-daemon several times until it works properly.

> (See more information and help here [How to run integration tests using Testcontainers with WSL](https://medium.com/@NelsonBN/how-to-run-integration-tests-using-testcontainers-with-wsl-52c77a2acbbb) and [How to run tests with TestContainers in WSL2 without Docker Desktop
> ](https://gist.github.com/sz763/3b0a5909a03bf2c9c5a057d032bd98b7))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information and help:
- [How to run integration tests using testcontainers with WSL](https://medium.com/@NelsonBN/how-to-run-integration-tests-using-testcontainers-with-wsl-52c77a2acbbb)
- [How to run tests with testcontainers in WSL2 without Docker Desktop](https://gist.github.com/sz763/3b0a5909a03bf2c9c5a057d032bd98b7))

```
